# AGE-GENDER-DETECTION--deeplearning
Age and gender classification for analyzing the percentage of people that are feed over as videos or images especially during a public meet that produces a statistical report on the people existing percentage

PROBLEM STATEMENT: Imagine a public meeting, where all age groups of people may come irrespective of the gender. Then how will you manage them all? How will you know that to whom you shall give more preference? Will you give to the older once or the women in the crowd or the children? Else if you are stuck up in a situation where you need to generate a report on the meeting held. You need to prepare a detailed description on the number of people who came to the event and other special things occurred in the occasion. At that time, this project will be helpful in generating the report.

SOLUTION: Here is a project to detect the age of the people. By detecting the age of the people, you will come to know the percentage of people present in each age group. Consider a product launch and there is a crowd formed. If you analyse the crowd and detect their ages, you will come to know in what range people are present. Like you can analyse based on classifying into many categories. If you classify into 3 categories namely young, middle age and the older one , you can separate the people detected based on their ages. After this process, finally you come with the percentage of people in all 3 categories. This will help you to find out which age group of people are more interested and supporting your party. Also you can concentrate on capturing the attention of the age groups who are less in count. This is just an example. Our project is not just about election, its just an example. This project can be used in all sorts of public meetings.

TECHNOLOGIES USED: •	Python3 •	Jupyter notebook

